Dad, I'm your son
I, I, I still want to carry on the Sun family lineage
Don't let go
No dad
I have money for my grandson
Make that gun
Mr. Lu is satisfied
Can you eat it?
I will spend three days with you.
Send my daughter back in one piece
Otherwise, private removal
Hey, daughter.
Which Buddha is this?
Now you can tell me.
I can only tell you
Last night from the dark
New history of Wei Ying
He is the goddess of war
What is the new god of war in poverty black prison?
A disciple of the King of Zhenbei
Got it?
Some people you can't afford to mess with
My Sun family planted this garbage hand that eats soft rice
Such a great pride
The female god of war's chance is almost gone
I said how could that trash be a big shot
The phoenix man just scared away and hugged his sister to give birth to a child
Now eating soft rice again
You don't know what you said, do you?
Yaya was born to your daughter
That loser abandoned your daughter
You have big hearts.
And let her take your daughter away without fear of cement sinking
There are many cases of kitchen knife 40 killing wives
What nonsense are you talking about?
Your house is so noisy
Miss Ming still wants that trash
At that time, it will not be slaughtered by me
Mr. Lu
I can't find it even if I transfer the dragon position of the building.
Where is my Yaya?
Yaya please
Just customize it with you.
You scum, let me go